c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EmployeeManager.dll.config
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EmployeeManager.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EmployeeManager.pdb
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\obj\Debug\EmployeeManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\obj\Debug\EmployeeManager.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\obj\Debug\EmployeeManager.pdb
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pavlyuchenkova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EmployeeManager.dll.config
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EmployeeManager.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EmployeeManager.pdb
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\obj\Debug\EmployeeManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\obj\Debug\EmployeeManager.dll
G:\EmployeeManager\EmployeeManager\obj\Debug\EmployeeManager.pdb
